[*] Logout - Display an explicit message when lumber is still connected. (#37)
ForestAdmin/toolbelt: CHANGELOG.md

- Login command - Perform login before any authenticated operation if not already logged.
- Commands - Ease the selection of project.
- Technical - Remove caching of authToken and api endpoint.

> - Logout - Display an explicit message when lumber is still connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Logout command - Display an explicit message when a users having a lumber session tries to logout.
```
